Welcome to this garden to this unique
garden where the legume of the
truth because lionel messi does not render in
the selection as it performs in Barcelona
who has the number 10 shirt
One thing is here in Argentina are 10
pesos barcelona are ten euros worth
much more that does not sit on the back
and what if the pse 618 625 in the room if
you can not put a led screen and
they go live with the quote
what happens that I got it 10 and
the archer is not the other who is
playing not put wrong that
really the selection can perform as
you saw him work for months
he follows them with lazio when he is in
Argentina that have their family their
friends
the kid comes out and because he's calm
because the house is in your house and it is already
Messi is not that we get to pay the
monotributo
the guy is messi and here he is relaxed
when I come here to eat
I had sent the guy
then the friends we are going to play a
pool
us all levels of the
Play Station
have played up here not legal
if there is one with the number
we're going to take out the little one we're going to
take out the album of figurines do not pay it
but when in the night the archer of the h
next to
what I tell people
Argentine follows that Argentines want
always win
the photo where he asks for autographs where
health to see what to do
chau see you later then go half bad
I like more to play in my selection
but no
the odd
goalkeeper
because English is already designing the
archer comes friends here he said what
you have to make those responsible for
this matter take letters and move to the
final action rociero let's talk without
know the only place where the truth does not
only applies but also